CLINICAL HISTORY: This is a 50-year-old woman with adult-onset complex partial epilepsy. Patient admitted after multiple, recurrent focal <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">seizure</span>s.<br>MEDICATIONS: Ativan and Trileptal.<br>INTRODUCTION: Continuous video EEG monitoring was initiated in the unit using standard 10-20 system of electrode placement with 1 channel EKG. Seizure and spike detection software was utilized. The patient was noted to be somewhat confused at baseline.<br>DESCRIPTION OF THE RECORD: Background: This is a dynamic recording, it began just after the patient has received generous doses of Ativan for repetitive <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">seizure</span>s. Maximum wakefulness is not achieved until the morning of the 22nd. There is a 9 Hz posterior dominant rhythm noted on the left. The right <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">hemisphere</span> demonstrates an asymmetry with more consistent disruption of faster frequency activity and a slower, lower voltage rhythmic delta. Sporadic wakefulness was noted on the evening of the 22nd as well. Drowsiness is characterized by a more prominent rhythmic slowing in the right <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">hemisphere</span>. Stage 2 sleep includes vertex waves, K complexes, and spindles.<br>Electrographic <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">seizure</span>s: None.**<br>Epileptiform Detections: Rare bursts of rhythmic theta were noted from the right <span style="background-color: #FFFF00; font-weight: 500;">fronto<span style="background-color: #FFFF00; font-weight: 500;">temporal</span></span> region with a generous field of spread**. ** The epileptiform activity in the long-term monitor includes primarily lower voltage, discrete, right anterior <span style="background-color: #FFFF00; font-weight: 500;">temporal</span> sharp waves**. <br>Heart rate 66-90 bpm.<br>IMPRESSION: This long-term video EEG monitoring was remarkable for:<br>Nearly continuous focal slowing in the right <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">hemisphere</span> with disruption of faster frequency activity.**<br>Epileptiform activity, which in the long-term monitor is primarily lower voltage and discrete rather than higher amplitude or a right posterior <span style="background-color: #FFFF00; font-weight: 500;">temporal</span>**.<br>CLINICAL CORRELATION: The findings are similar to previous studies. Epileptiform activity is consistently in the right <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">hemisphere</span> although the field of spread varies. This is a 2nd long-term monitoring session for this patient, recorded after a cluster of <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">seizure</span>s, which did not identify <span style="background-color: #00ecff; font-weight: 500;">seizure</span>s after the administration of Ativan..